[rock music]
♪ ♪
[woman singing in Japanese]
>> Simon: BRO...
BRO, I COULD NEVER BE YOU...
BUT I’M GOING OFF TO DO WHAT
ONLY I CAN DO.
[Boota grunts]
THE THINGS THAT ONLY SIMON THE
DIGGER CAN DO.
>> Yoko: SIMON, IT’S NEARLY TIME
FOR THEM TO GET STARTED.
>> Simon: I’LL COME BACK TO
VISIT ONCE THIS IS ALL OVER.
>> Ron: WELCOME BACK.
DID YOU DO WHAT YOU NEEDED?
>> WELCOME BACK, SIMON!
WELCOME BACK!
>> WELCOME BACK.
>> Simon: SO DID YOU REPAIR
DAI‐GURREN’S LEVI‐SPHERE?
>> Ron: JUST ABOUT.
WE SHOULD BE FINISHED JUST
AS THE ENEMY BEGINS TO MAKE
THEIR MOVE.
>> Simon: LET’S HURRY.
I’VE GOT A FEELING THAT
THOSE BEASTMEN ARE GONNA BE
PULLING OUT ALL THE STOPS TODAY.
>> Yoko: BET YOU’RE RIGHT.
AND IF WE DON’T END THIS SOON,
WE’LL COME APART AT THE SEAMS.
>> Simon: DON’T WORRY, GUYS.
WE’RE GONNA WIN, COUNT ON IT.
>> YOU REALLY MEAN THAT?
>> BUT, SIMON, LOOK
HOW BIG IT IS!
>> Simon: I REALLY MEAN IT!
JUST WHO THE HELL DO YOU THINK
WE ARE?
>> Lordgenome: IT IS SAID THAT
THE GOD WHO ONCE CREATED THE
WORLD IN SEVEN DAYS...
CREATED MAN ON THE SIXTH.
>> SIRE?
>> THAT COMES FROM ONE OF THE
ANCIENT HOLY SCRIPTURES.
THIS IS THE SIXTH DAY
SINCE THE RABBLE ARRIVED HERE.
A PERFECT SIGN, SIRE.
>> AMUSING.
IN THAT CASE, I ASK THAT
I BE GIVEN THAT TASK, SIRE.
DAI‐GUNTEN...LET IT LEAD THE
CHARGE.
>> FINE. SUIT YOURSELF.
[sighs]
TO A SKITTISH YOUNG PUP
OF ONLY 200 YEARS...
THIS WHOLE THING IS JUST SOME
EXCITING GAME TO HIM.
I MUST SAY, THESE HUMANS ARE
QUITE A TENACIOUS BUNCH.
WE STOMP THEM OVER AND OVER
AGAIN, BUT THEY JUST SPROUT UP
ONCE MORE LIKE WEEDS.
>> Lordgenome: THAT IS WHAT
MAKES THEM SO TERRIFYING.
I SEALED THEM DOWN
IN THE DEPTHS OF THE EARTH
SO THEY WOULD NEVER AGAIN
TAKE ROOT ON THE SURFACE.
>> IT MUST BE THE POWER
OF THE SPIRAL.
FOR CRYING OUT LOUD...
THEY DON’T EVEN REALIZE THAT
THIS POWER WILL ULTIMATELY LEAD
TO THEIR DOOM.
>> Lordgenome: IGNORANCE.
IT IS WHAT ALLOWS THEM TO FIGHT.
PITIFUL.
[laughs]
>> ENEMY BATTLESHIP DETECTED
OVERHEAD!
IT’S DAI‐GUNTEN!
>> Dayakka: DAMN! THEY’RE HERE
SOONER THAN EXPECTED!
THE LEVI‐SPHERE?
>> Yoko: LEERON, HOW’S IT
COMING?!
LEERON!
>> WE’RE NOW INSIDE DAI‐GUNTEN’S
FIRING RANGE!
>> Dayakka: LEERON, WHAT’S THE
HOLDUP?
>> Ron: THANKS FOR YOUR
PATIENCE!
REPAIRS ARE COMPLETE!
>> Dayakka: RIGHT.
RAPID ASCENT TIME!
TAKE US UP!
>> SO THEY DODGED THEM.
GUNMEN BOMBER SQUADRONS!
SCRAMBLE AT ONCE!
>> DAI‐GUNTEN HAS LAUNCHED
GUNMEN!
COUNT FIVE, NO, EIGHT!
NO WAIT‐‐THERE’S 12?
UM, UM, THERE’S A LOT!
>> NO PROB!
QUANTITY COUNTS MORE
THAN PRECISION!
WE’RE NOT HITTING ’EM.
[growls]
>> Dayakka: SEND UP OUR GUNMEN
AS WELL!
>> ALL RIGHT, THAT’S OUR CUE!
>> OUR CUE.
>> KITTAN, YOU BETTER KEEP UP!
>> Kittan: WHOA, HEY, NOW, JUST
WHO THE HELL DO YOU THINK I AM?
>> YOU’RE THE MIGHTY
KITTAN, ELDEST BROTHER OF THE
BLACK SIBLINGS.
>> Kittan: HUH? KIYOH?
WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU’RE
DOING HERE?
>> ME TOO, BIG BROTHER!
>> Kittan: KIYAL, YOU’RE COMING,
TOO?
>> OH, COME ON, BIG BROTHER,
YOU’RE SHORTHANDED, AREN’T YOU?
>> Kittan: YOU LITTLE TWERP!
THIS ISN’T TRAINING, YOU KNOW!
THAT IS A FOUR GENERALS
BATTLESHIP OUT THERE!
IT’S POSSIBLE THAT WE WON’T
COME BACK ALIVE.
>> THAT’S WHY WE’RE GOING
WITH YOU.
>> BESIDES, WE’RE AVENGING
KAMINA.
YOU CAN’T STOP US, BRO.
>> Kittan: OH, YOU GUYS...
>> KIYOH! KIYAL!
I’LL BE WATCHING OVER
DAI‐GURREN, SO YOU GUYS GO OUT
THERE AND GIVE ’EM HELL!
>> Kittan: ALL RIGHT, BLACK
SIBLINGS, LET’S GET OUT THERE
AMD SHOW ’EM WHAT WE GOT!
>> YEAH!
>> Dayakka: THROW ’EM!
SORRY FOR THE DELAY,
GURREN LAGANN.
LAUNCH!
>> Yoko: HEY, WE’RE COUNTING ON
YOU.
>> Rossiu: COME ON, SIMON!
LET’S DO IT!!
>> Simon: RIGHT!
[Boota grunts]
GUNMEN SQUADRON, FOLLOW ME!
>> Kittan: WELL, WELL, THE
AMATEUR’S TURNED INTO A
FIRST‐RATE COMMANDER!
LISTEN UP!
WE’LL HANDLE THE CANNON FODDER!
YOU NAIL THAT BATTLESHIP!
>> Simon: ON IT!
>> Kittan: OKAY, BOZOS!
LET’S DO IT!
>> YEAH!
>> Kittan: HEY, KIYAL, TIME TO
COMBINE!
>> OKAY!
>> Kittan: KING KITTAN DELUXE!
LET’S DO THIS!
>> ALL RIGHT!
>> THEY HAVE CONTACT
WITH THE ENEMY.
>> Dayakka: GOOD. THEY’LL TAKE
CARE OF THE AIRBORNE UNITS.
>> Ron: HOW’S IT GOING?
>> Dayakka: WE EVADED THEIR
OPENING GAMBIT, BUT THIS JUST
STARTED.
>> ENEMIES DETECTED ON THE
SURFACE!
>> THAT’S THE OTHER ENEMY
BATTLESHIP!
>> Dayakka: DAI‐GUNDO?
>> Yoko: SO THEY’RE FINALLY
SENDING OUT BOTH BATTLESHIPS
AGAINST US.
[yelling]
>> HAVE A HEARTY TASTE
OF MY HEAVY BOMBARDMENT,
FILTHY HUMANS.
YOU’LL TAKE IT AND LIKE IT.
>> Dayakka: TAKE EVASIVE ACTION!
>> EASIER SAID THAN DONE!
IT’S A HAIL OF BULLETS
ON EITHER SIDE!
[yelling]
>> Kittan: CRAP!
>> DAI‐GURREN’S IN REAL TROUBLE!
IT’S TAKING A BEATING!
>> Kittan: CAN’T A FEW OF YOU
HEAD BACK THERE?!
>> GET REAL!
WE DON’T HAVE TIME TO‐‐
[shouting]
>> Kittan: SIMON?
>> Simon: JUST LEAVE THESE GUYS
TO ME!
YOU GO HELP DAI‐GURREN!
>> Kittan: DON’T SCREW AROUND!
WHAT, ARE YOU TRYING TO
GRANDSTAND OR SOMETHING?!
>> Simon: IF WE LOSE DAI‐GURREN
NOW, WE WON’T BE ABLE TO TAKE ON
THAT BEHEMOTH, TEPPELIN,
AND THAT’S WHY WE CAME HERE.
>> Kittan: THEN WE SHOULD AT
LEAST SPLIT UP THE SQUADRON!
>> Simon: NO WAY!
IF WE THIN OUT OUR OFFENSIVE
CAPABILITIES, WE’LL JUST END UP
LOSING FIGHTS THAT WE COULD
HAVE WON.
>> Kittan: OKAY.
WE’RE GOIN’ BACK NOW!
SMASH THOSE SURFACE GUNMEN
TO PIECES!
>> YEAH!
>> Kittan: SIMON, WE’RE COUNTIN’
ON YA!
>> Simon: YOU GOT IT!
[hysterical laughter]
>> WHAT A FOOL!
WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO
WITH A SINGLE GUNMEN,
YOU NAKED APE?
>> Simon: TRY ME AND FIND OUT!
[rock music]
♪ ♪
[maniacal laughter]
>> THAT WAS INTERESTING,
HUMAN!
[Simon breathing heavily]
>> Rossiu: SIMON, ARE YOU ALL
RIGHT?
BE CAREFUL!
YOU’VE GOT TO PACE YOURSELF!
>> Simon: YEAH, I’LL TAKE A
QUICK BREAK.
YOU HANDLE THESE.
[gasps]
>> Rossiu: AAH!
[yelling]
[laughs]
HE’LL KILL HIS OWN MEN?
>> Simon: ROSSIU!
LOB IT BACK AT ’EM!
>> Rossiu: RIGHT!
[laughs]
[laughing]
>> NOT BAD, HUMAN,
BUT WE’RE JUST GETTING STARTED!
YOU STILL HAVE TO FACE
THE MIGHTY CYTOMANDER
IN HIS SHUZACK!
[laughing]
>> Simon: DAMN!
>> Yoko: SIMON!
>> Ron: GURREN LAGANN’S POWER
LEVELS ARE FALLING!
>> Yoko: ARTENBOROUGH!
>> I’VE BEEN FIRING
FOR A WHILE NOW!
AARGH! MOVE IT, YOU JERKS!
YOU’RE IN THE WAY!
>> Nia: HE SET UP A LIVING
SHIELD.
>> IT WAS QUITE A VALIANT
EFFORT, YOU NAKED APE.
>> Simon: CRAP!
>> Rossiu: IT’S NO USE!
IT LOOKS LIKE WE’VE USED
TOO MUCH POWER ALL AT ONCE!
>> Simon: BRO, I...
[Cytomander laughing]
>> YOU’RE FINISHED.
WHAT THE HELL?!
>> SHIP CANNON FIRE!
>> WHAT HAPPENED TO MY SHIELD
GUNMEN?!
>> SIR, THE FIRE ISN’T COMING
FROM JUST ONE SHIP!
>> WHAT?!
>> Simon: NOW!
>> Yoko: THAT FIRE.
WHERE’S IT FROM?
>> FROM THE EAST!
ON THE EASTERN HORIZON, IT’S‐‐
>> Simon: HEY, IT’S...
IT’S BRO’S FLAG!
>> YO, MEMBERS OF TEAM GURREN,
DO YOU READ ME?
>> Yoko: WHO ARE YOU?
>> WE SAW THOSE PICTURES
PROJECTED IN THE SKY!
>> Dayakka: YOU SAW THAT?
>> I’VE COME RUNNING
FROM DOKKANAI VILLAGE
IN THE SOUTH!
THE NAME’S BACHON!
>> I’M BASILIA FROM HATESAI
VILLAGE!
GOOD TO MEET YOU!
>> I’M SAWBOW, AND I’VE COME
FROM THE EAST!
WE’VE BEEN JACKING ENEMY
BATTLESHIPS, TOO!
[laughs]
>> Yoko: SO YOU GUYS ARE
REINFORCEMENTS?
>> THAT BIG‐ASS SHIP UP THERE
IS THE HEAD HONCHO, HUH?
>> ALL TURRETS...
CUT LOOSE!
>> REINFORCEMENTS!
LOOK, REINFORCEMENTS ARE HERE!
>> Kittan: LISTEN UP, BOZOS!
WE CAN’T JUST LET THESE NEW GUYS
HAVE ALL THE FUN!
COME ON, EVERYBODY!
LET’S SMASH UP ALL THE GROUND
UNITS!
[yelling]
>> MAKE YOUR SHOTS CALM, QUICK,
AND CLEAN!
>> COME ON!
IS THAT ALL YOU GOT?!
>> HUMANS? THEY’RE HUMANS?!
WHEN DID THIS HORDE OF HUMANS
GET HERE?!
>> ARMOR PLATING! DIRECT HIT!
>> NUMBER 3 LEVI‐SPHERE’S
DAMAGED!
OUTPUT IS FALLING!
>> GENERAL CYTOMANDER,
WE SHOULD WITHDRAW!
>> ALL RIGHT, YOU WORTHLESS
NAKED APE, YOU’VE HAD YOUR FUN.
BUT NOW ALLOW ME TO SHOW YOU
WHAT SHUZACK IS MADE OF!
BU‐KAW?!
OHH!
AGH! HOLY...
>> Dayakka: GO!
>> SIR, DAI‐GUNTEN IS FALLING
THIS WAY!
>> IT’S ON A COLLISION COURSE!
>> NO TIME TO EVADE!
>> CYTOMANDER, YOU WERE SUCH
A FOOL OF A HATCHLING.
[Kittan shouts triumphantly]
>> WE DID IT! WE DID IT!
>> WE SENT TWO OF THEIR GENERALS
STRAIGHT TO HELL!
[cheering]
>> Simon: ALL THAT’S LEFT...
>> Yoko: RIGHT!
THE CAPITAL TEPPELIN!
[beeping]
>> UH, NOT YET!
I’M STILL READING SOMETHING!
>> Kittan: A HUGE EXPLOSION,
AND IT’S NOT EVEN SCRATCHED.
>> IT’S HARD AS A FRIGGIN’ ROCK!
>> Yoko: DAI‐GUNDO’S RUNNING
AWAY!
>> VICTORY IS OURS!
>> Dayakka: IT’S TOO SOON
TO CELEBRATE!
>> BLOW IT TO PIECES RIGHT AWAY!
>> Ron: WITH THAT ARMOR, NOTHING
WE THROW AT IT WILL WORK.
>> Yoko: I WONDER WHAT IT’S
DOING?
IT’S SPINNING!
SOMETHING CAME OUT!
>> Guame: LOOKS LIKE IT’S TIME
TO TIDY UP.
>> HEH!
IT’S AN ACT OF DESPERATION!
THIS PROVES WE’VE GOT ’EM
ON THE ROPES!
>> CONTINUE THE CHARGE!
[yelling]
[Guame laughing]
>> SPIN! SPIN!
THIS IS MINE AND DAI‐GUNDO’S
CAROUSEL OF DEATH!
>> ENERGY INFLUX TO TEPPELIN
HOLDING STEADY!
>> CONVERSION ENERGY OVER 300%!
>> EFFECT AREA IS EXPANDING!
>> 4,000 TO 5,000!
>> KEEP UP THIS SPINNING
AND WIPE ALL TRACES OF THESE
HUMANS FROM THE SURFACE!
>> Ron: SO TEPPELIN AND
DAI‐GUNDO COMBINED...
AND NOW THEY’RE GENERATING
SOME SORT OF POWERFUL ENERGY
BARRIER.
>> Yoko: HUH? WHAT?
>> Ron: IT MEANS THAT IF WE
DON’T STOP DAI‐GUNDO’S SPINNING,
WE’LL NEVER GET CLOSE
TO TEPPELIN!
>> HOLD ON JUST AS TIGHT
AS YOU CAN!
>> OKAY, SIS!
>> Kittan: SON OF A BITCH!
WHAT THE HELL IS THIS?!
>> DAMN BEASTMEN!
DON’T SCREW WITH US HUMANS!
[yelling]
>> BACHON!
>> Rossiu: SIMON!
>> Simon: IT’S NO USE.
WE’VE GOTTA DO SOMETHING
ABOUT THAT WHIRLWIND!
>> WE CAN’T LET BACHON’S
DEATH BE FOR NOTHING!
WE HAVE TO GO!
>> LET’S RAM THAT THING!
>> Yoko: HEY, WHAT ARE YOU
PEOPLE DOING?
>> Dayakka: ARE THOSE GUYS
MORONS?!
HURRY UP!
STOP THEM!
>> Ron: CAN’T!
ALL COMMUNICATIONS ARE DOWN
BECAUSE OF THAT WHIRLWIND!
>> Dayakka: IF WE DON’T HURRY,
THEY’LL BE WIPED OUT!
[metallic ringing]
>> Nia: PLEASE STOP THIS!
HELLO, THERE.
WELL MET, EVERYONE.
MY NAME IS NIA, AND I AM THE
HEAD COOK OF TEAM GURREN.
>> Ron: LOOKS LIKE SHE
STOPPED THEM.
>> Nia: AS YOU CAN SEE, TEPPELIN
IS SURROUNDED BY A TORNADOLIKE
BARRIER OF LIGHT AT THE MOMENT.
IF WE DON’T BRING IT DOWN,
YOU WILL BLOW UP JUST LIKE THOSE
OTHER GENTLEMEN JUST DID.
SO DON’T DO ANYTHING RIGHT NOW.
PLEASE BE PATIENT FOR A WHILE.
>> Kittan: WHAT GOOD IS WAITING
AROUND GONNA DO US?!
>> Nia: THE WHIRLWIND IS GOING
TO STOP SOON.
SIMON WILL STOP IT FOR US.
I SAY THIS ’CAUSE SIMON’S
DRILL...
IS THE DRILL THAT WILL BREAK
THROUGH THE HEAVENS!
>> Kittan: HUH?
>> BROTHER, YOU IDIOT!
>> Yoko: SIMON?
>> YOU KNOW WHAT?
NOW THAT YOU MENTION IT,
THERE’S NO SIGN OF
GURREN LAGANN ANYWHERE.
>> Dayakka: HEY, THAT’S RIGHT,
WHERE DID GURREN LAGANN GO?
>> Rossiu: HEY, SIMON, THIS IS
A SNEAK ATTACK.
WE’VE GOTTA GET IT RIGHT
THE FIRST TIME!
>> Simon: YEAH, I KNOW!
>> ENEMY UNIT CLOSING IN!
BENEATH US!
IT’S UNDERGROUND!
>> HUH?
>> Rossiu: IT’S NOT WORKING!
WE’RE JUST LIFTING IT UP!
WE’RE NOT PENETRATING THE ARMOR!
>> Simon: GIVE IT TIME!
ME AND BRO’S GURREN LAGANN
CAN DO MORE THAN THAT!
PLEASE, GURREN LAGANN!
IF YOU HAVE A MIND OF YOUR
OWN, HEAR ME, RESPOND TO ME!
>> HAVE DAI‐GUNDO REVERSE
THRUST!
>> REVERSE THRUST, SIR?
>> THAT’S RIGHT!
FLATTEN THEM!
>> Kittan: GURREN LAGANN,
IT’S...
>> Yoko: IT’S BEEN CRUSHED?
>> MY, MY, WHAT A DISAPPOINTING
END TO THINGS.
STILL, I SUPPOSE I SHOULD
CONGRATULATE THESE HUMANS ON
THEIR EFFORT.
>> JUST A MINUTE, SIR!
I HEAR SOMETHING!
>> HEAR WHAT?
>> IT’S A RASPING NOISE.
IT’S A DRILL!
>> Simon: THANKS, PAL.
THAT IMPACT JUST NOW HELPED ME
PIERCE THE INSIDE!
>> THIS IS JUST A FINAL ACT
OF DESPERATION.
THAT HUMAN CAN’T POSSIBLY
BEAT DAI‐GUNDO’S SPIN.
>> Simon: WE’LL JUST SEE ABOUT
THAT!
>> S‐STOP! STOP IT!
DAI‐GUNDO MUSTN’T BE SPUN
AROUND THE OTHER WAY!
[shouting]
>> ROUND AND ROUND.
ARE YOU WATCHING THIS TRANSPIRE,
YOUR MAJESTY?
YOUR HUMBLE SERVANT GUAME
IS STILL SPINNING!
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA...
>> Kittan: THAT SON OF A BITCH,
HE ACTUALLY DID IT!
>> THE WHIRLWIND HAS
DISAPPEARED!
[Gimmy and Darry laugh]
>> Nia: YOU REALLY DID IT...
SIMON.
>> Kittan: OKAY, GUYS, ALL
THAT’S LEFT NOW IS TO LEVEL
TEPPELIN.
SO LET’S‐‐OH CRAP!
>> HUGE BUILDINGS ARE FALLING
FROM THE SKY!
>> Yoko: WHAT THE HELL’S
GOING ON?
>> Dayakka: TEPPELIN IS...
>> Ron: IT’S CRUMBLING ON ITS
OWN?
>> IT’S SO HUGE.
>> Rossiu: WHAT IN THE WORLD
IS GOING ON HERE, SIMON?
>> Simon: I DON’T BELIEVE IT!
IT‐‐IT’S A...
>> A GIGANTIC FACE?
[rock music]
♪ ♪
[man singing in Japanese]
>> Nia: I’VE COME ALL THIS WAY
JUST TO TELL HIM...
THAT BOTH THEY AND I
HAVE EVERY RIGHT TO BE
ON THIS WORLD, TOO.
NEXT TIME ON GURREN LAGANN...
"I WILL HEAD TOWARDS TOMORROW."